MATH:
Sure, here are some book recommendations based on different levels of mathematics:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Basic Mathematics" by Serge Lang
    "Elementary Algebra" by Harold R. Jacobs
    "Geometry: Euclid and Beyond" by Robin Hartshorne
    "Precalculus: Mathematics for Calculus" by James Stewart

    Intermediate level:

    "Calculus" by Michael Spivak
    "Linear Algebra Done Right" by Sheldon Axler
    "Abstract Algebra: A First Course" by Dan Saracino
    "Discrete Mathematics: Elementary and Beyond" by Laszlo Lovasz

    Advanced level:

    "Advanced Calculus" by Patrick M. Fitzpatrick
    "Topology" by James R. Munkres
    "Algebraic Topology" by Allen Hatcher
    "Introduction to Smooth Manifolds" by John Lee

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning mathematics at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of practice problems and exercises.


PHYSICS:
Certainly! Here are some book recommendations for learning physics at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Fundamentals of Physics" by David Halliday, Robert Resnick, and Jearl Walker
    "Conceptual Physics" by Paul G. Hewitt
    "University Physics" by Francis Sears and Mark Zemansky
    "The Feynman Lectures on Physics" by Richard Feynman, Robert Leighton, and Matthew Sands

    Intermediate level:

    "Classical Mechanics" by Herbert Goldstein
    "Introduction to Electrodynamics" by David J. Griffiths
    "Introduction to Quantum Mechanics" by David J. Griffiths
    "Thermal Physics" by Charles Kittel and Herbert Kroemer

    Advanced level:

    "Statistical Mechanics: A Set of Lectures" by Richard P. Feynman
    "Quantum Field Theory and the Standard Model" by Matthew D. Schwartz
    "Classical Electrodynamics" by John David Jackson
    "Gravitation" by Charles W. Misner, Kip S. Thorne, and John Archibald Wheeler

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning physics at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of practice problems and exercises.


ELECTRONICS:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning electronics at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Practical Electronics for Inventors" by Paul Scherz and Simon Monk
    "Getting Started in Electronics" by Forrest M. Mims III
    "The Art of Electronics" by Paul Horowitz and Winfield Hill
    "Electronics All-in-One For Dummies" by Doug Lowe

    Intermediate level:

    "Electronic Principles" by Albert Malvino and David Bates
    "Microelectronic Circuits" by Adel S. Sedra and Kenneth C. Smith
    "Digital Design: Principles and Practices" by John F. Wakerly
    "Op-Amps and Linear Integrated Circuits" by Ramakant A. Gayakwad

    Advanced level:

    "Design of Analog CMOS Integrated Circuits" by Behzad Razavi
    "RF Microelectronics" by Behzad Razavi
    "High-Speed Digital Design: A Handbook of Black Magic" by Howard Johnson and Martin Graham
    "The Art and Science of Analog Circuit Design" by Jim Williams

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning electronics at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice.


NETWORKING:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning networking at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Networking All-in-One For Dummies" by Doug Lowe
    "Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach" by James F. Kurose and Keith W. Ross
    "TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1: The Protocols" by W. Richard Stevens
    "Cisco Networking Essentials" by Troy McMillan

    Intermediate level:

    "Routing TCP/IP, Volume 1" by Jeff Doyle and Jennifer Carroll
    "Network Warrior" by Gary A. Donahue
    "Interconnections: Bridges, Routers, Switches, and Internetworking Protocols" by Radia Perlman
    "TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 2: The Implementation" by Gary R. Wright and W. Richard Stevens

    Advanced level:

    "MPLS and VPN Architectures" by Ivan Pepelnjak and Jim Guichard
    "Computer Networks" by Andrew S. Tanenbaum and David J. Wetherall
    "TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 3: TCP for Transactions, HTTP, NNTP, and the UNIX Domain Protocols" by W. Richard Stevens
    "Data and Computer Communications" by William Stallings

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning networking at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with hands-on practice and practical projects.


algorithms:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning algorithms at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Introduction to Algorithms" by Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leiserson, Ronald L. Rivest, and Clifford Stein
    "Algorithms Unlocked" by Thomas H. Cormen
    "Algorithms" by Sanjoy Dasgupta, Christos Papadimitriou, and Umesh Vazirani
    "The Algorithm Design Manual" by Steven S. Skiena

    Intermediate level:

    "Data Structures and Algorithms in Java" by Michael T. Goodrich and Roberto Tamassia
    "Algorithm Design" by Jon Kleinberg and Éva Tardos
    "The Design of Approximation Algorithms" by David P. Williamson and David B. Shmoys
    "Algorithmic Game Theory" by Noam Nisan, Tim Roughgarden, Éva Tardos, and Vijay Vazirani

    Advanced level:

    "Randomized Algorithms" by Rajeev Motwani and Prabhakar Raghavan
    "The Art of Computer Programming, Volumes 1-3" by Donald E. Knuth
    "Approximation Algorithms" by Vijay V. Vazirani
    "Algorithmic Aspects of Graph Connectivity" by Fan R. K. Chung and Linyuan Lu

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning algorithms at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice and coding challenges.


IT:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning IT at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Information Technology for Management: On-Demand Strategies for Performance, Growth, and Sustainability" by Efraim Turban, Linda Volonino, and Gregory R. Wood
    "IT Essentials: PC Hardware and Software Companion Guide" by Cisco Networking Academy
    "Information Technology Project Management" by Kathy Schwalbe
    "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Computer Basics" by Joe Kraynak

    Intermediate level:

    "Database Management Systems" by Raghu Ramakrishnan and Johannes Gehrke
    "Computer Systems: A Programmer's Perspective" by Randal E. Bryant and David R. O'Hallaron
    "CompTIA Security+ Get Certified Get Ahead: SY0-601 Study Guide" by Darril Gibson
    "CompTIA Network+ Certification All-in-One Exam Guide, Seventh Edition (Exam N10-007)" by Mike Meyers

    Advanced level:

    "Computer Networking: Principles, Protocols and Practice" by Olivier Bonaventure
    "Operating System Concepts" by Abraham Silberschatz, Greg Gagne, and Peter B. Galvin
    "TCP/IP Illustrated, Volume 1-3" by W. Richard Stevens
    "Introduction to Cryptography with Coding Theory" by Wade Trappe and Lawrence C. Washington

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning IT at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice and practical projects.


Game Development:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning game development at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Unity in Action: Multiplatform Game Development in C#" by Joe Hocking
    "Game Development Essentials: An Introduction" by Jeannie Novak
    "Game Programming for Kids" by Chris Strom and Rachel Nieman
    "Introduction to Game Design, Prototyping, and Development: From Concept to Playable Game with Unity and C#" by Jeremy Gibson Bond

    Intermediate level:

    "Game Programming Patterns" by Robert Nystrom
    "Level Up! The Guide to Great Video Game Design" by Scott Rogers
    "The Game Programming Gems Series" edited by Mark DeLoura
    "Unity 2020 Cookbook: Over 160 Recipes to Boost Your Game Development with Unity, 5th Edition" by Matt Smith

    Advanced level:

    "Real-Time Rendering" by Tomas Akenine-Moller, Eric Haines, and Naty Hoffman
    "Game Engine Architecture" by Jason Gregory
    "AI Game Programming Wisdom" edited by Steve Rabin
    "GPU Pro" series edited by Wolfgang Engel

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning game development at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice and game development projects.


mechanical engineering:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for learning mechanical engineering at different levels:

    Beginning/Elementary level:

    "Engineering Mechanics: Dynamics" by J.L. Meriam and L.G. Kraige
    "Materials Science and Engineering: An Introduction" by William D. Callister Jr. and David G. Rethwisch
    "Machine Elements in Mechanical Design" by Robert L. Mott
    "Introduction to Thermodynamics and Heat Transfer" by Yunus A. Çengel and Michael A. Boles

    Intermediate level:

    "Mechanical Vibrations" by Singiresu S. Rao
    "Fluid Mechanics" by Frank M. White
    "Engineering Design" by George E. Dieter and Linda C. Schmidt
    "Control Systems Engineering" by Norman S. Nise

    Advanced level:

    "Mechanical Engineering Design" by Joseph E. Shigley and Charles R. Mischke
    "Advanced Mechanics of Materials and Applied Elasticity" by Ansel C. Ugural and Saul K. Fenster
    "Heat and Mass Transfer: Fundamentals and Applications" by Yunus A. Çengel and Afshin J. Ghajar
    "Mechatronics: Principles and Applications" by Godfrey C. Onwubolu

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for learning mechanical engineering at different levels. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice and mechanical design projects.


EXERCISES:
Sure, here are some book recommendations for exercises in various sciences:

    Mathematics:

    "The Art of Problem Solving, Vol. 1: The Basics" by Sandor Lehoczky and Richard Rusczyk
    "Algebra: Chapter 0" by Paolo Aluffi
    "Introduction to Linear Algebra" by Gilbert Strang
    "Calculus: Early Transcendentals" by James Stewart

    Physics:

    "University Physics with Modern Physics" by Hugh D. Young and Roger A. Freedman
    "Problems and Solutions in Introductory Mechanics" by David Morin
    "Problems in General Physics" by I.E. Irodov
    "The Feynman Lectures on Physics" by Richard Feynman, Robert B. Leighton, and Matthew Sands

    Chemistry:

    "Chemistry: The Central Science" by Theodore E. Brown, H. Eugene LeMay Jr., and Bruce E. Bursten
    "General Chemistry: Principles and Modern Applications" by Ralph H. Petrucci, F. Geoffrey Herring, and Jeffry D. Madura
    "Chemical Principles: The Quest for Insight" by Peter Atkins and Loretta Jones
    "Organic Chemistry as a Second Language" by David R. Klein

    Biology:

    "Biology: Concepts and Connections" by Campbell, Reece, Taylor, and Simon
    "Molecular Biology of the Cell" by Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, David Morgan, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, and Peter Walter
    "Biology: How Life Works" by James R. Morris, Daniel L. Hartl, Andrew H. Knoll, and Robert L. Lue
    "Lehninger Principles of Biochemistry" by David L. Nelson and Michael M. Cox

Remember, these are just a few examples of the many excellent books available for exercises in various sciences. It's important to choose books that match your interests and learning style, and to supplement your reading with plenty of hands-on practice and experiments.
